Hello everyone today I want to tell you
how is lutsenko cab all when on
ensuring that we have installed on
why does the phone need to do this
is it worth nothing to do so
do anything ducato bulls mostly do
in order to
when flashing for example phones not to lose
tartan damage yesterday not to lose she
your offer data is not
lose your position no curtain
suspend well so on so us
need tea shopping first nao
the apparatchik should be a little
established right groups
that's how it made chicago cleaner smaller
each specific device about it
will not tell
rub a failure and if you have something you can
set on your heat and boots
programs honoring b cab
the program is installed from
market
in principle, it is free but for children
become pro versions of one of the pure field paid
But the cabinet is still
to acquire
and so here yes a specified folder for
your backups ie nights your flight
will prove
there is a folder we read so far. Putin as
kept all these from your sergey kutsy in
grain section
programs that exactly what already have
the company copies of paintings and made a buy
etc
But you can customize the schedule, that is, I
to keep the party on foot
week I do not know how now
that's what india needs to do and yes for now
times hotin plan top right
tets match with Kaluga sulfur is such here
there is a lot of enough that you can
do so what you need
backup can
make a backup copy of flying poland
cup and system data
Basically, we don't need system data.
copy that we will reflash
that we will have a system constantly
change and here is what the user has
have established
from which users with a coupon very much
may stop
most recently recommends us
girls for example when you have system
applications have something interesting
which we would like to keep
so make a backup
chesno start button
tick all that we need
do something let's say we don't want
she supplies what we will do here
can be considered treasonable figure out
you can invest in the Internet
put a tick exclude running this
that is, the sixth will not run
sold included in baikal
either just stop excel
earing books suspend all that
you do save these changes
and then do the player
reason for the fact that reading bypassed
our vain this tick AM upper
corner
will be cleaned
Here he passes quickly enough
new we were nervous in a panic 3 3 minutes
no more dependence of course
on calories to recover
Sissy options are also several
stop absent ie
do not restore what you already have
installed
and on your phone either restore everything
that is, rewrite and not including that
will install
for example, we restore chirkova
surrendered we do not have what you feel
why not deliver
the question of what is in the hospitals to your
it is installed in ushaki
natalya recovery
went strip
By the way as a result of the grain to buy seekers
the policy downloaded the Canadians also
slowly doing here everything was going with
application to show on the example in plus so
as a player for pentus
estimated price is not so much
what
it all comes back
set install all
establishment held our input
row
it will be written that these people are not in a hurry
until saved
as we remember on this map in the folder we read
Barkat happen what the opera set
firmware
they only installed this program and under
hit the bill set one literally
movements
here and I think that I do not call all the same
keep track of the backups that you have
there is a visa and walk sometimes all the same
forgive backup removal
among the members but remove
when however as noted what
programs you want to donate
eat islam miracle personally very glad that
so here's a bra
here's how to take backups
extremists of course but also a glass of tea
so Michael chipset through thorns buy
there rozati there two three years of which
palm palm
he is able
that's all
signed by canadians
until